c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.config
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.pdb
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.pdb
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\arvils\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.config
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.pdb
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.pdb
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Arvils\Desktop\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll.config
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\SocialNetwork.pdb
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\BusinessLogic.pdb
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.dll
C:\SocialNetwork\SocialNetwork\obj\Debug\SocialNetwork.pdb
